

Team: Group 18

Requirements:

Make sure the requirements for PR-NET is installed.

Folder Structure:

make a folder named playground, and create two sub-folders input and output in it. This folders are used to store the
temporary processing output.

Execution:

Code Launcher.py is the en try point of the code execution.

Execution: "python Launcher.py"

Before execution, change the "srcVideo", "targetVideo", "PATH" variables. For launching a openface instance, it requires

"PATH" : location of dlib model location.

installationPath="/Users/nikhilt/Desktop/OpenFace" [Folder location of openFace, make sure it is installed. "build/bin"
should be containing the executables]

"Folder path for temporary processing output"
savePath="/Users/nikhilt/Desktop/playground/input"
outputPath="/Users/nikhilt/Desktop/playground/output

Note:

Folder "GP", is the code for "Gaussian Poison GAN" blending using GAN. But as the results were not up to the standards,
 We are using seamless cloning of Open CV.

 Parameters to tune before running: 

 Edit the following paramers :

params = {}
params["VIDEO_WEIGHT"] = 0.5 // How much weighted score should be given to landmarks generated by open-face video processing versus image processing
params["TARGET_FRAME_INDEX"] = 47 // frame number of  neutral emotion of source video
params["FACE_MASK_TYPE"] = "FULL" // We experimented with partial mask, where only the eye region, Nose and mouth was replaced. 
params["DLIB"] = False // If it is set, Then first landmarks are detected using dlib, if dlib fails to detect, then open-dace is used. 
params["EYE_TRACKING"] = False // To track the movements of eyeballs. Additional features points are added to match the gaze. [Only possible with open face]

if params["DLIB"]:
    params["EYE_TRACKING"] = False



OpenFace Git: "https://github.com/TadasBaltrusaitis/OpenFace/wiki"


Some observations: 

Outputs are generated using different parameter sets for different videos. If the video has side face, then give VIDEO_WEIGHT = 1.0 and use Dlib. But this setting might not generalize every video. 




